jellyfishAngry, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishAngry.png
jellyfishAww, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishAww.png
jellyfishConfuse, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishConfuse.png
jellyfishCry, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishCry.png
jellyfishDead, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishDead.png
jellyfishDerpy, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishDerpy.png
jellyfishExcited, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishExcited.png
jellyfishFlirty, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishFlirty.png
jellyfishHaha, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishHaha.png
jellyfishHappy, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishHappy.png
jellyfishHeart, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishHeart.png
jellyfishHehe, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishHehe.png
jellyfishHug, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishHug.png
jellyfishKiss, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishKiss.png
jellyfishLove, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishLove.png
jellyfishLyfish, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishLyfish.png
jellyfishMad, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishMad.png
jellyfishNotLikeThis, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishNotLikeThis.png
jellyfishOwo, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishOwo.png
jellyfishOww, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishOww.png
jellyfishPeek, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishPeek.png
jellyfishPretty, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishPretty.png
jellyfishSad, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishSad.png
jellyfishShrug, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishShrug.png
jellyfishSleepy, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishSleepy.png
jellyfishSmile, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishSmile.png
jellyfishSob, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishSob.png
jellyfishStare, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishStare.png
jellyfishSweat, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishSweat.png
jellyfishTease, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishTease.png
jellyfishThink, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishThink.png
jellyfishTired, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishTired.png
jellyfishTrident, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishTrident.png
jellyfishUnamused, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishUnamused.png
jellyfishWink, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishWink.png
jellyfishWow, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishWow.png
jellyfishWut, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishWut.png
jellyfishYay, /emoji/jellyfish/jellyfishYay.png
