funkus_angry, /emoji/funkus/funkus_angry.png
funkus_astonished, /emoji/funkus/funkus_astonished.png
funkus_blush, /emoji/funkus/funkus_blush.png
funkus_cat, /emoji/funkus/funkus_cat.png
funkus_coffee, /emoji/funkus/funkus_coffee.png
funkus_confused, /emoji/funkus/funkus_confused.png
funkus_facepalm, /emoji/funkus/funkus_facepalm.png
funkus_ghost, /emoji/funkus/funkus_ghost.png
funkus_giggle, /emoji/funkus/funkus_giggle.png
funkus_grimace, /emoji/funkus/funkus_grimace.png
funkus_hearteyes, /emoji/funkus/funkus_hearteyes.png
funkus_laugh, /emoji/funkus/funkus_laugh.png
funkus_peek, /emoji/funkus/funkus_peek.png
funkus_shocked, /emoji/funkus/funkus_shocked.png
funkus_sleep, /emoji/funkus/funkus_sleep.png
funkus_smile, /emoji/funkus/funkus_smile.png
funkus_tea, /emoji/funkus/funkus_tea.png
funkus_think, /emoji/funkus/funkus_think.png
funkus_tongue, /emoji/funkus/funkus_tongue.png
funkus_unamused, /emoji/funkus/funkus_unamused.png
funkus_upside_down, /emoji/funkus/funkus_upside_down.png
funkus_wink, /emoji/funkus/funkus_wink.png
funkus_woozy, /emoji/funkus/funkus_woozy.png
