katie_santa, /emoji/konqi/katie_santa.png
konqi_akademy, /emoji/konqi/konqi_akademy.png
konqi_bughunt, /emoji/konqi/konqi_bughunt.png
konqi_business, /emoji/konqi/konqi_business.png
konqi_dev, /emoji/konqi/konqi_dev.png
konqi_dev-katie, /emoji/konqi/konqi_dev-katie.png
konqi_document, /emoji/konqi/konqi_document.png
konqi_donation, /emoji/konqi/konqi_donation.png
konqi_framework, /emoji/konqi/konqi_framework.png
konqi_game, /emoji/konqi/konqi_game.png
konqi_graphics, /emoji/konqi/konqi_graphics.png
konqi_hardware, /emoji/konqi/konqi_hardware.png
konqi_internet, /emoji/konqi/konqi_internet.png
konqi_journalist, /emoji/konqi/konqi_journalist.png
konqi_katie_phone, /emoji/konqi/konqi_katie_phone.png
konqi_kde, /emoji/konqi/konqi_kde.png
konqi_mail, /emoji/konqi/konqi_mail.png
konqi_multimedia, /emoji/konqi/konqi_multimedia.png
konqi_office, /emoji/konqi/konqi_office.png
konqi_plasma, /emoji/konqi/konqi_plasma.png
konqi_presentation, /emoji/konqi/konqi_presentation.png
konqi_qt, /emoji/konqi/konqi_qt.png
konqi_randa, /emoji/konqi/konqi_randa.png
konqi_santa, /emoji/konqi/konqi_santa.png
konqi_science, /emoji/konqi/konqi_science.png
konqi_search, /emoji/konqi/konqi_search.png
konqi_system, /emoji/konqi/konqi_system.png
konqi_thumbsup, /emoji/konqi/konqi_thumbsup.png
konqi_utilities, /emoji/konqi/konqi_utilities.png
