drgn_nom_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/drgn_nom_mouse.png
drgn_nom_mouse_heart, /emoji/neomouse-additional/drgn_nom_mouse_heart.png
drgn_nom_mouse_nervous, /emoji/neomouse-additional/drgn_nom_mouse_nervous.png
neocat_hug_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neocat_hug_mouse.png
neocat_hug_mouse_heart, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neocat_hug_mouse_heart.png
neocat_hug_mouse_sad, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neocat_hug_mouse_sad.png
neocat_nom_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neocat_nom_mouse.png
neocat_nom_mouse_nervous, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neocat_nom_mouse_nervous.png
neocat_snuggle_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neocat_snuggle_mouse.png
neodog_hug_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neodog_hug_mouse.png
neodog_hug_mouse_heart, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neodog_hug_mouse_heart.png
neodog_hug_mouse_sad, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neodog_hug_mouse_sad.png
neodog_nom_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neodog_nom_mouse.png
neodog_nom_mouse_nervous, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neodog_nom_mouse_nervous.png
neodog_snuggle_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neodog_snuggle_mouse.png
neofox_hug_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neofox_hug_mouse.png
neofox_hug_mouse_heart, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neofox_hug_mouse_heart.png
neofox_hug_mouse_sad, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neofox_hug_mouse_sad.png
neofox_nom_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neofox_nom_mouse.png
neofox_nom_mouse_nervous, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neofox_nom_mouse_nervous.png
neofox_snuggle_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neofox_snuggle_mouse.png
neopossum_hug_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neopossum_hug_mouse.png
neopossum_hug_mouse_heart, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neopossum_hug_mouse_heart.png
neopossum_hug_mouse_sad, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neopossum_hug_mouse_sad.png
neopossum_nom_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neopossum_nom_mouse.png
neopossum_nom_mouse_nervous, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neopossum_nom_mouse_nervous.png
neopossum_snuggle_mouse, /emoji/neomouse-additional/neopossum_snuggle_mouse.png
