earth_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/earth_photo.png
earth_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/earth_photo_pat.png
jupiter_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/jupiter_photo.png
jupiter_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/jupiter_photo_pat.png
mars_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/mars_photo.png
mars_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/mars_photo_pat.png
mercury_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/mercury_photo.png
mercury_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/mercury_photo_pat.png
moon_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/moon_photo.png
moon_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/moon_photo_pat.png
neptune_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/neptune_photo.png
neptune_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/neptune_photo_pat.png
pluto_pat_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/pluto_pat_photo.png
pluto_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/pluto_photo.png
pluto_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/pluto_photo_pat.png
saturn_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/saturn_photo.png
saturn_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/saturn_photo_pat.png
sun_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/sun_photo.png
sun_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/sun_photo_pat.png
uranus_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/uranus_photo.png
uranus_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/uranus_photo_pat.png
venus_photo, /emoji/solarsystem/venus_photo.png
venus_photo_pat, /emoji/solarsystem/venus_photo_pat.png