spinny_cat_ace, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_ace.gif
spinny_cat_agender, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_agender.gif
spinny_cat_ambiamorous, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_ambiamorous.gif
spinny_cat_androgyne, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_androgyne.gif
spinny_cat_aroace, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_aroace.gif
spinny_cat_aro, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_aro.gif
spinny_cat_bi, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_bi.gif
spinny_cat_bigender, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_bigender.gif
spinny_cat_blacktrans, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_blacktrans.gif
spinny_cat_demiboy, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_demiboy.gif
spinny_cat_demigirl, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_demigirl.gif
spinny_cat_demilesbian, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_demilesbian.gif
spinny_cat_demisexual, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_demisexual.gif
spinny_cat_disability, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_disability.gif
spinny_cat, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat.gif
spinny_cat_gay, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_gay.gif
spinny_cat_genderfluid, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_genderfluid.gif
spinny_cat_intersex, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_intersex.gif
spinny_cat_lesbian, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_lesbian.gif
spinny_cat_nb, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_nb.gif
spinny_cat_omnisexual, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_omnisexual.gif
spinny_cat_pan, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_pan.gif
spinny_cat_plural, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_plural.gif
spinny_cat_polyam, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_polyam.gif
spinny_cat_sapho_lesbian, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_sapho_lesbian.gif
spinny_cat_trans, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_trans.gif
spinny_cat_transfemme, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_transfemme.gif
spinny_cat_transmasc, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_transmasc.gif
spinny_cat_woem, /emoji/spinny/spinny_cat_woem.gif
spinny_fox_ace, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_ace.gif
spinny_fox_agender, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_agender.gif
spinny_fox_ambiamorous, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_ambiamorous.gif
spinny_fox_androgyne, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_androgyne.gif
spinny_fox_aroace, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_aroace.gif
spinny_fox_aro, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_aro.gif
spinny_fox_bi, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_bi.gif
spinny_fox_bigender, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_bigender.gif
spinny_fox_blacktrans, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_blacktrans.gif
spinny_fox_demiboy, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_demiboy.gif
spinny_fox_demigirl, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_demigirl.gif
spinny_fox_demilesbian, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_demilesbian.gif
spinny_fox_demisexual, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_demisexual.gif
spinny_fox_disability, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_disability.gif
spinny_fox, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox.gif
spinny_fox_gay, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_gay.gif
spinny_fox_genderfluid, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_genderfluid.gif
spinny_fox_intersex, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_intersex.gif
spinny_fox_lesbian, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_lesbian.gif
spinny_fox_nb, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_nb.gif
spinny_fox_omnisexual, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_omnisexual.gif
spinny_fox_pan, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_pan.gif
spinny_fox_plural, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_plural.gif
spinny_fox_polyam, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_polyam.gif
spinny_fox_sappho_lesbian, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_sappho_lesbian.gif
spinny_fox_trans, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_trans.gif
spinny_fox_transfemme, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_transfemme.gif
spinny_fox_transmasc, /emoji/spinny/spinny_fox_transmasc.gif
spinny_neocat, /emoji/spinny/spinny_neocat.gif
spinny_neofox, /emoji/spinny/spinny_neofox.gif
