potion_agender, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_agender.png
potion_aromantic, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_aromantic.png
potion_asexual, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_asexual.png
potion_bigender, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_bigender.png
potion_bisexual, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_bisexual.png
potion_demiboy, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_demiboy.png
potion_demigender, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_demigender.png
potion_demigirl, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_demigirl.png
potion_demiromantic, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_demiromantic.png
potion_demisexual, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_demisexual.png
potion_genderfluid, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_genderfluid.png
potion_genderflux, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_genderflux.png
potion_genderqueer, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_genderqueer.png
potion_intersex, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_intersex.png
potion_lesbian, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_lesbian.png
potion_nonbinary, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_nonbinary.png
potion_omnisexual, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_omnisexual.png
potion_pangender, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_pangender.png
potion_polyamory, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_polyamory.png
potion_polysexual, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_polysexual.png
potion_progress, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_progress.png
potion_queer, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_queer.png
potion_rainbow, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_rainbow.png
potion_sapphic, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_sapphic.png
potion_trans, /emoji/pride_potions/potion_trans.png
