senko_baka, /emoji/senko/senko_baka.png
senko_blush, /emoji/senko/senko_blush.png
senko_boast, /emoji/senko/senko_boast.png
senko_comfy, /emoji/senko/senko_comfy.png
senko_creep, /emoji/senko/senko_creep.png
senko_cry, /emoji/senko/senko_cry.png
senko_happy2, /emoji/senko/senko_happy2.png
senko_happy3, /emoji/senko/senko_happy3.png
senko_happy4, /emoji/senko/senko_happy4.png
senko_happy, /emoji/senko/senko_happy.png
senko_hm, /emoji/senko/senko_hm.png
senko_horror, /emoji/senko/senko_horror.png
senko_lewd, /emoji/senko/senko_lewd.png
senko_oh, /emoji/senko/senko_oh.png
senko_please, /emoji/senko/senko_please.png
senko_pout2, /emoji/senko/senko_pout2.png
senko_pout, /emoji/senko/senko_pout.png
senko_scream2, /emoji/senko/senko_scream2.png
senko_scream, /emoji/senko/senko_scream.png
senko_shock2, /emoji/senko/senko_shock2.png
senko_shock, /emoji/senko/senko_shock.png
senko_sleep, /emoji/senko/senko_sleep.png
senko_smile, /emoji/senko/senko_smile.png
senko_stop, /emoji/senko/senko_stop.png
senko_what, /emoji/senko/senko_what.png
senko_wow2, /emoji/senko/senko_wow2.png
senko_wow, /emoji/senko/senko_wow.png
