kiss_cirno, /emoji/cirno/kiss_cirno.png
pumpkin_cirno, /emoji/cirno/pumpkin_cirno.png
cirno_sip, /emoji/cirno/cirno_sip.png
cirno_pout, /emoji/cirno/cirno_pout.png
cirno_peek, /emoji/cirno/cirno_peek.png
greedy_cirno, /emoji/cirno/greedy_cirno.png
cirno_cry2, /emoji/cirno/cirno_cry2.png
cirno_tan, /emoji/cirno/cirno_tan.png
dealwith_cirno, /emoji/cirno/dealwith_cirno.png
cirno_shrug, /emoji/cirno/cirno_shrug.png
cirno_baka, /emoji/cirno/cirno_baka.png
cirno_think, /emoji/cirno/cirno_think.png
cirno_love, /emoji/cirno/cirno_love.png
cirno_fog, /emoji/cirno/cirno_fog.png
cirno_bliss, /emoji/cirno/cirno_bliss.png
laughing_cirno, /emoji/cirno/laughing_cirno.png
facepalm_cirno, /emoji/cirno/facepalm_cirno.png
cirno_blind, /emoji/cirno/cirno_blind.png
cirno_where, /emoji/cirno/cirno_where.png
cirno_witch, /emoji/cirno/cirno_witch.png
cirno_for_reals, /emoji/cirno/cirno_for_reals.png
cirno_flap, /emoji/cirno/cirno_flap.png
cirno_stare, /emoji/cirno/cirno_stare.png
cirno_smug, /emoji/cirno/cirno_smug.png
cirno_how, /emoji/cirno/cirno_how.png
cirno_deal_with_it, /emoji/cirno/cirno_deal_with_it.png
cirno_huh, /emoji/cirno/cirno_huh.png
cirno_no_work, /emoji/cirno/cirno_no_work.png
cirno_heh, /emoji/cirno/cirno_heh.png
cirno_ice, /emoji/cirno/cirno_ice.png
cirno_now, /emoji/cirno/cirno_now.png
cirno_cry, /emoji/cirno/cirno_cry.png
blush_cirno, /emoji/cirno/blush_cirno.png
cirno_freeman, /emoji/cirno/cirno_freeman.png
cirno_uwu, /emoji/cirno/cirno_uwu.png
hi_cirno, /emoji/cirno/hi_cirno.png
cirno_facepalm, /emoji/cirno/cirno_facepalm.png
cirno_what, /emoji/cirno/cirno_what.png
tan_cirno, /emoji/cirno/tan_cirno.png
cirno_laughing, /emoji/cirno/cirno_laughing.png
cirno_help, /emoji/cirno/cirno_help.png
comfy_cirno, /emoji/cirno/comfy_cirno.png
cirno_doubt, /emoji/cirno/cirno_doubt.png
cirno_police, /emoji/cirno/cirno_police.png
cirno_when, /emoji/cirno/cirno_when.png
cirno_hi, /emoji/cirno/cirno_hi.png
uwu_cirno, /emoji/cirno/uwu_cirno.png
cirno_comfy, /emoji/cirno/cirno_comfy.png
cirno_hello, /emoji/cirno/cirno_hello.png
cry_cirno, /emoji/cirno/cry_cirno.png
cirno_please, /emoji/cirno/cirno_please.png
cirno_pwease, /emoji/cirno/cirno_pwease.png
what_cirno, /emoji/cirno/what_cirno.png
cirno_blush, /emoji/cirno/cirno_blush.png
cirno_kiss, /emoji/cirno/cirno_kiss.png
cirno_UwU, /emoji/cirno/cirno_UwU.png
blind_cirno, /emoji/cirno/blind_cirno.png
cirno_thinking, /emoji/cirno/cirno_thinking.png
cirno_smile, /emoji/cirno/cirno_smile.png
angry_cirno, /emoji/cirno/angry_cirno.png
thinking_cirno, /emoji/cirno/thinking_cirno.png
police_cirno, /emoji/cirno/police_cirno.png
cirno_angry, /emoji/cirno/cirno_angry.png