akirbyfly, /emoji/kirby/akirbyfly.png
akirbyhappy, /emoji/kirby/akirbyhappy.png
akirbyidle, /emoji/kirby/akirbyidle.png
akirbyrun, /emoji/kirby/akirbyrun.png
akirbyswim, /emoji/kirby/akirbyswim.png
akirbyumbrella, /emoji/kirby/akirbyumbrella.png
akirbywalk, /emoji/kirby/akirbywalk.png
kirbyangery, /emoji/kirby/kirbyangery.png
kirbyblue, /emoji/kirby/kirbyblue.png
kirbyfly, /emoji/kirby/kirbyfly.png
kirbygray, /emoji/kirby/kirbygray.png
kirbygreen, /emoji/kirby/kirbygreen.png
kirbyhappy, /emoji/kirby/kirbyhappy.png
kirbyidle, /emoji/kirby/kirbyidle.png
kirbyknife, /emoji/kirby/kirbyknife.png
kirbyoutline, /emoji/kirby/kirbyoutline.png
kirbyred, /emoji/kirby/kirbyred.png
kirbyrun, /emoji/kirby/kirbyrun.png
kirbysleep, /emoji/kirby/kirbysleep.png
kirbysmush, /emoji/kirby/kirbysmush.png
kirbysweat, /emoji/kirby/kirbysweat.png
kirbyswim, /emoji/kirby/kirbyswim.png
kirbyumbrella, /emoji/kirby/kirbyumbrella.png
kirbyus, /emoji/kirby/kirbyus.png
kirbywalk, /emoji/kirby/kirbywalk.png
kirbyyellow, /emoji/kirby/kirbyyellow.png