mashiroWink, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroWink.png
mashiroConfident, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroConfident.png
mashiroSleep, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroSleep.png
mashiroCho, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroCho.png
mashiroWet, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroWet.png
mashiroPause, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroPause.png
mashiroBlush, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroBlush.png
mashiroBusy, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroBusy.png
mashiroDrink, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroDrink.png
mashiroYo, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroYo.png
mashiroSmash, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroSmash.png
mashirooNotice, /emoji/mashiro/mashirooNotice.png
mashiroHappy, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroHappy.png
mashiroShrug, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroShrug.png
mashiroSpit, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroSpit.png
mashiroGlare, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroGlare.png
mashiroFound, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroFound.png
mashiroStunned, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroStunned.png
mashiroNervous, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroNervous.png
mashiroRofl, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroRofl.png
mashiroYes, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroYes.png
mashiroSnicker, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroSnicker.png
mashiroPhone, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroPhone.png
mashiroCheer, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroCheer.png
mashiroBattery, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroBattery.png
mashiroBye, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroBye.png
mashiroFrustrated, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroFrustrated.png
mashiroHide, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroHide.png
mashiroLove, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroLove.png
mashiroWhistle, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroWhistle.png
mashiroExclaim, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroExclaim.png
mashiroCurious, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroCurious.png
mashiroAngry, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroAngry.png
mashiroThumbsUp, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroThumbsUp.png
mashiroPeek, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroPeek.png
mashiroNo, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroNo.png
mashiroThankYou, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroThankYou.png
mashiroNoob, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroNoob.png
mashiroUncheer, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroUncheer.png
mashiroOw, /emoji/mashiro/mashiroOw.png