blobwani_360, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_360.gif
blobwani_akeome, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_akeome.gif
blobwani_baby, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_baby.png
blobwani_bluebird, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_bluebird.png
blobwani_cheer, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_cheer.gif
blobwani_cheerup, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_cheerup.gif
blobwani_chef, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_chef.png
blobwani_choucho, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_choucho.png
blobwani_cry, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_cry.gif
blobwani_dancing, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_dancing.gif
blobwani_dragon, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_dragon.png
blobwani, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani.png
blobwani_floofpat, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_floofpat.gif
blobwani_freshfish, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_freshfish.gif
blobwani_frnkn, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_frnkn.png
blobwani_gaming, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_gaming.gif
blobwani_ghost, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_ghost.png
blobwani_handwave, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_handwave.gif
blobwani_heart, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_heart.png
blobwani_hungry, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_hungry.gif
blobwani_maru, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_maru.png
blobwani_medetai, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_medetai.gif
blobwani_mug, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_mug.png
blobwani_ofuro, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_ofuro.png
blobwani_ojousama, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_ojousama.png
blobwani_omizu, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_omizu.png
blobwani_oniku, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_oniku.png
blobwani_peke, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_peke.png
blobwani_pmpk, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_pmpk.png
blobwani_running2, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_running2.gif
blobwani_running, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_running.gif
blobwani_ryu, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_ryu.png
blobwani_santa, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_santa.gif
blobwani_shake, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_shake.gif
blobwani_sleeping, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_sleeping.gif
blobwani_smile, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_smile.png
blobwani_sushi, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_sushi.png
blobwani_wiz, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_wiz.png
blobwani_yum, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_yum.gif
blobwani_zari, /emoji/blobwani/blobwani_zari.png
