blobika_angel, /emoji/blobika/blobika_angel.png
blobika_artist, /emoji/blobika/blobika_artist.png
blobika_aww, /emoji/blobika/blobika_aww.png
blobika_baby, /emoji/blobika/blobika_baby.png
blobika_batsu, /emoji/blobika/blobika_batsu.png
blobika_call, /emoji/blobika/blobika_call.gif
blobika_callfast, /emoji/blobika/blobika_callfast.gif
blobika_cry, /emoji/blobika/blobika_cry.png
blobika_dance, /emoji/blobika/blobika_dance.gif
blobika_devil, /emoji/blobika/blobika_devil.png
blobika, /emoji/blobika/blobika.png
blobika_floofpat, /emoji/blobika/blobika_floofpat.gif
blobika_fry, /emoji/blobika/blobika_fry.png
blobika_ghost, /emoji/blobika/blobika_ghost.png
blobika_handwave, /emoji/blobika/blobika_handwave.gif
blobika_heart, /emoji/blobika/blobika_heart.png
blobika_hug, /emoji/blobika/blobika_hug.png
blobika_hungry, /emoji/blobika/blobika_hungry.png
blobika_maru, /emoji/blobika/blobika_maru.png
blobika_nodver, /emoji/blobika/blobika_nodver.gif
blobika_nodverlow, /emoji/blobika/blobika_nodverlow.gif
blobika_ofuton, /emoji/blobika/blobika_ofuton.png
blobika_ojousama, /emoji/blobika/blobika_ojousama.png
blobika_peek, /emoji/blobika/blobika_peek.png
blobika_question, /emoji/blobika/blobika_question.png
blobika_run, /emoji/blobika/blobika_run.gif
blobika_same, /emoji/blobika/blobika_same.png
blobika_shitsuji, /emoji/blobika/blobika_shitsuji.png
blobika_sumi1, /emoji/blobika/blobika_sumi1.gif
blobika_sumi2, /emoji/blobika/blobika_sumi2.gif
blobika_sumi3, /emoji/blobika/blobika_sumi3.gif
blobika_sushi, /emoji/blobika/blobika_sushi.png
blobika_sushiika, /emoji/blobika/blobika_sushiika.png
blobika_sushitako, /emoji/blobika/blobika_sushitako.png
blobika_tea, /emoji/blobika/blobika_tea.png
blobika_water, /emoji/blobika/blobika_water.png
