blobtanuki_beam, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_beam.gif
blobtanuki_bom, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_bom.gif
blobtanuki_chainsaw, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_chainsaw.gif
blobtanuki_cook2, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_cook2.gif
blobtanuki_cook, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_cook.gif
blobtanuki_draw, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_draw.gif
blobtanuki_eee, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_eee.gif
blobtanuki, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki.png
blobtanuki_fat, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_fat.png
blobtanuki_fire, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_fire.gif
blobtanuki_frustration, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_frustration.webp
blobtanuki_gatling, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_gatling.gif
blobtanuki_good2, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_good2.png
blobtanuki_happy, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_happy.gif
blobtanuki_hum2, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_hum2.png
blobtanuki_jitabata, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_jitabata.gif
blobtanuki_kirakira, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_kirakira.png
blobtanuki_meshikure, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_meshikure.png
blobtanuki_meteor, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_meteor.gif
blobtanuki_missile, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_missile.gif
blobtanuki_ocha, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_ocha.png
blobtanuki_ofuton, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_ofuton.png
blobtanuki_partypopper, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_partypopper.gif
blobtanuki_power, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_power.png
blobtanuki_rain, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_rain.gif
blobtanuki_sekiyuo, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_sekiyuo.png
blobtanuki_shigamituki, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_shigamituki.png
blobtanuki_sticks2, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_sticks2.gif
blobtanuki_sticks4, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_sticks4.gif
blobtanuki_sticks, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_sticks.gif
blobtanuki_trolley, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_trolley.gif
blobtanuki_unun, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_unun.gif
blobtanuki_work, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_work.gif
blobtanuki_yakiniku, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_yakiniku.webp
blobtanuki_zombie, /emoji/blobtanuki/blobtanuki_zombie.png
