pokeblob_bellsprout, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_bellsprout.png
pokeblob_blastoise, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_blastoise.png
pokeblob_bulbasaur, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_bulbasaur.png
pokeblob_caterpie, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_caterpie.png
pokeblob_charmander, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_charmander.png
pokeblob_clefairy, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_clefairy.png
pokeblob_diglet, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_diglet.png
pokeblob_dragonair, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_dragonair.png
pokeblob_dragonite, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_dragonite.gif
pokeblob_dratini, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_dratini.png
pokeblob_eevee, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_eevee.png
pokeblob_electrode, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_electrode.png
pokeblob_emolga, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_emolga.png
pokeblob_ghastly, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_ghastly.png
pokeblob_grookey, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_grookey.gif
pokeblob_ivysaur, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_ivysaur.png
pokeblob_kadabra, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_kadabra.png
pokeblob_litten, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_litten.png
pokeblob_mega-venusaur, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_mega-venusaur.png
pokeblob_meowth, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_meowth.png
pokeblob_mew, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_mew.png
pokeblob_minun, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_minun.png
pokeblob_oddish, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_oddish.png
pokeblob_pachirisu, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_pachirisu.png
pokeblob_phantump, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_phantump.gif
pokeblob_pikachu, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_pikachu.png
pokeblob_plusle, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_plusle.png
pokeblob_pokeball, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_pokeball.png
pokeblob_politoed, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_politoed.png
pokeblob_poliwag, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_poliwag.png
pokeblob_poliwhirl, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_poliwhirl.png
pokeblob_poliwrath, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_poliwrath.png
pokeblob_sandshrew, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_sandshrew.png
pokeblob_scorbunny, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_scorbunny.gif
pokeblob_snorlax, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_snorlax.png
pokeblob_sobble, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_sobble.gif
pokeblob_squirtle, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_squirtle.png
pokeblob_unknown, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_unknown.png
pokeblob_venonat, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_venonat.png
pokeblob_venusaur, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_venusaur.png
pokeblob_voltorb, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_voltorb.png
pokeblob_wartortle, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_wartortle.png
pokeblob_weedle, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_weedle.png
pokeblob_wooloo, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_wooloo.gif
pokeblob_zubat, /emoji/pokeblobs/pokeblob_zubat.png
