miffy_ace, /emoji/miffy/miffy_ace.png
miffy_angry, /emoji/miffy/miffy_angry.png
miffy_aroace, /emoji/miffy/miffy_aroace.png
miffy_aro, /emoji/miffy/miffy_aro.png
miffy_bi, /emoji/miffy/miffy_bi.png
miffy_blush, /emoji/miffy/miffy_blush.png
miffy_disabled, /emoji/miffy/miffy_disabled.png
miffy, /emoji/miffy/miffy.png
miffy_gay, /emoji/miffy/miffy_gay.png
miffy_happy, /emoji/miffy/miffy_happy.png
miffy_lesbian, /emoji/miffy/miffy_lesbian.png
miffy_love, /emoji/miffy/miffy_love.png
miffy_pan, /emoji/miffy/miffy_pan.png
miffy_plural, /emoji/miffy/miffy_plural.png
miffy_pride, /emoji/miffy/miffy_pride.png
miffy_sad, /emoji/miffy/miffy_sad.png
miffy_sleep, /emoji/miffy/miffy_sleep.png
miffy_surprised, /emoji/miffy/miffy_surprised.png
miffy_think, /emoji/miffy/miffy_think.png
miffy_thumbsup, /emoji/miffy/miffy_thumbsup.png
miffy_trans, /emoji/miffy/miffy_trans.png
miffy_transmasc, /emoji/miffy/miffy_transmasc.png
